Processes:
systemd                       root                          
kthreadd                      root                          
rcu_gp                        root                          
rcu_par_gp                    root                          
slub_flushwq                  root                          
netns                         root                          
kworker                       root                          
mm_percpu_wq                  root                          
rcu_tasks_kthread             root                          
rcu_tasks_rude_kthread        root                          
rcu_tasks_trace_kthread       root                          
ksoftirqd                     root                          
rcu_preempt                   root                          
migration                     root                          
idle_inject                   root                          
cpuhp                         root                          
cpuhp                         root                          
idle_inject                   root                          
migration                     root                          
ksoftirqd                     root                          
kworker                       root                          
cpuhp                         root                          
idle_inject                   root                          
migration                     root                          
ksoftirqd                     root                          
kworker                       root                          
cpuhp                         root                          
idle_inject                   root                          
migration                     root                          
ksoftirqd                     root                          
kdevtmpfs                     root                          
inet_frag_wq                  root                          
kauditd                       root                          
khungtaskd                    root                          
oom_reaper                    root                          
writeback                     root                          
kcompactd0                    root                          
ksmd                          root                          
khugepaged                    root                          
kintegrityd                   root                          
kblockd                       root                          
blkcg_punt_bio                root                          
tpm_dev_wq                    root                          
ata_sff                       root                          
md                            root                          
md_bitmap                     root                          
edac-poller                   root                          
devfreq_wq                    root                          
watchdogd                     root                          
kworker                       root                          
kswapd0                       root                          
ecryptfs-kthread              root                          
kthrotld                      root                          
irq                           root                          
irq                           root                          
irq                           root                          
acpi_thermal_pm               root                          
hwrng                         root                          
mld                           root                          
ipv6_addrconf                 root                          
kstrp                         root                          
kworker                       root                          
charger_manager               root                          
kworker                       root                          
kworker                       root                          
kworker                       root                          
scsi_eh_0                     root                          
scsi_tmf_0                    root                          
scsi_eh_1                     root                          
scsi_tmf_1                    root                          
irq                           root                          
jbd2                          root                          
ext4-rsv-conver               root                          
systemd-journal               root                          
systemd-udevd                 root                          
kworker                       root                          
irq                           root                          
kmemstick                     root                          
cryptd                        root                          
cfg80211                      root                          
ttm                           root                          
card0-crtc0                   root                          
card0-crtc1                   root                          
card0-crtc2                   root                          
nv_queue                      root                          
nv_queue                      root                          
nvidia-modeset                root                          
nvidia-modeset                root                          
UVM global queue              root                          
UVM deferred release queue    root                          
UVM Tools Event Queue         root                          
kworker                       root                          
systemd-oomd                  systemd-oom                   
systemd-resolve               systemd-resolve               
accounts-daemon               root                          
acpid                         root                          
avahi-daemon                  avahi                         
bluetoothd                    root                          
cron                          root                          
dbus-daemon                   messagebus                    
NetworkManager                root                          
irqbalance                    root                          
networkd-dispat               root                          
polkitd                       root                          
power-profiles-               root                          
rsyslogd                      syslog                        
switcheroo-cont               root                          
systemd-logind                root                          
thermald                      root                          
udisksd                       root                          
wpa_supplicant                root                          
nvidia-persiste               nvidia-persistenced           
avahi-daemon                  avahi                         
ModemManager                  root                          
cupsd                         root                          
unattended-upgr               root                          
gdm3                          root                          
apache2                       root                          
apache2                       www-data                      
apache2                       www-data                      
cups-browsed                  root                          
kerneloops                    kernoops                      
kerneloops                    kernoops                      
rtkit-daemon                  rtkit                         
mysqld                        mysql                         
irq                           root                          
nvidia                        root                          
nv_queue                      root                          
upowerd                       root                          
packagekitd                   root                          
colord                        colord                        
gdm-session-wor               root                          
systemd                       basilio                       
(sd-pam)                      basilio                       
pipewire                      basilio                       
pipewire-media-               basilio                       
pulseaudio                    basilio                       
dbus-daemon                   basilio                       
gnome-keyring-d               basilio                       
xdg-document-po               basilio                       
xdg-permission-               basilio                       
fusermount3                   basilio                       
gdm-x-session                 basilio                       
Xorg                          basilio                       
krfcommd                      root                          
gnome-session-b               basilio                       
at-spi-bus-laun               basilio                       
dbus-daemon                   basilio                       
gnome-session-c               basilio                       
gvfsd                         basilio                       
gvfsd-fuse                    basilio                       
gnome-session-b               basilio                       
gnome-shell                   basilio                       
gnome-shell-cal               basilio                       
dconf-service                 basilio                       
evolution-sourc               basilio                       
gvfs-udisks2-vo               basilio                       
gvfs-goa-volume               basilio                       
goa-daemon                    basilio                       
evolution-calen               basilio                       
goa-identity-se               basilio                       
gvfs-afc-volume               basilio                       
gvfs-gphoto2-vo               basilio                       
gvfs-mtp-volume               basilio                       
evolution-addre               basilio                       
gvfsd-trash                   basilio                       
gjs                           basilio                       
at-spi2-registr               basilio                       
sh                            basilio                       
gsd-a11y-settin               basilio                       
ibus-daemon                   basilio                       
gsd-color                     basilio                       
gsd-datetime                  basilio                       
gsd-housekeepin               basilio                       
gsd-keyboard                  basilio                       
gsd-media-keys                basilio                       
gsd-power                     basilio                       
gsd-print-notif               basilio                       
gsd-rfkill                    basilio                       
gsd-screensaver               basilio                       
gsd-sharing                   basilio                       
gsd-smartcard                 basilio                       
gsd-sound                     basilio                       
gsd-disk-utilit               basilio                       
gsd-wacom                     basilio                       
gsd-xsettings                 basilio                       
evolution-alarm               basilio                       
ibus-dconf                    basilio                       
ibus-extension-               basilio                       
gsd-printer                   basilio                       
ibus-x11                      basilio                       
ibus-portal                   basilio                       
gjs                           basilio                       
ibus-engine-sim               basilio                       
tracker-miner-f               basilio                       
xdg-desktop-por               basilio                       
xdg-desktop-por               basilio                       
xdg-desktop-por               basilio                       
gvfsd-metadata                basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
cat                           basilio                       
cat                           basilio                       
chrome_crashpad               basilio                       
chrome_crashpad               basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
update-notifier               basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
kworker                       root                          
gjs                           basilio                       
kworker                       root                          
code                          basilio                       
code                          basilio                       
code                          basilio                       
code                          basilio                       
chrome_crashpad               basilio                       
code                          basilio                       
code                          basilio                       
code                          basilio                       
code                          basilio                       
code                          basilio                       
code                          basilio                       
code                          basilio                       
bash                          basilio                       
cpptools                      basilio                       
code                          basilio                       
code                          basilio                       
kworker                       root                          
kworker                       root                          
nautilus                      basilio                       
kworker                       root                          
chrome                        basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
chrome                        basilio                       
kworker                       root                          
kworker                       root                          
kworker                       root                          
kworker                       root                          
kworker                       root                          
kworker                       root                          
gvfsd-network                 basilio                       
gvfsd-dnssd                   basilio                       
kworker                       root                          
kworker                       root                          
kworker                       root                          
chrome                        basilio                       
kworker                       root                          
bash                          basilio                       
python3                       basilio                       
